Better explanation on how to log from tasks (#30746)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/administration-and-deployment/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.rst

Writing to task logs from your code
-----------------------------------

Airflow uses standard Python `logging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html>`_ framework to

> write logs, but for duration of task, rotl logger is configured to write to task log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
write logs, and for duration of task, root logger is configured to write to task log.
```

Reviewer: it's a very subtle difference but i just suggest `and` because ... the "root logger configured" point isn't in conflict with "airflow uses standard logging" -- the two points are just true together

Most operators will write logs to the task log automatically. This is because they derive from they
have a ``log`` logger that you can use to write to the task log.

> This logger is created and configured by :class:`~airflow.utils.log.LoggingMixin` that all classic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This logger is created and configured by :class:`~airflow.utils.log.LoggingMixin` that all
```

Reviewer: don't even taskflow operators inherit this too?

Writing to task logs from your code
-----------------------------------

> Airflow uses standard Python `logging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html>`_ framework to
> write logs, and for duration of task, root logger is configured to write to task log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow uses standard the Python `logging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html>`_ framework to
write logs, and for the duration of a task, the root logger is configured to write to the task's log.
```

> Most operators will write logs to the task log automatically. This is because they derive from they
> have a ``log`` logger that you can use to write to the task log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most operators will write logs to the task log automatically. This is because they
have a ``log`` logger that you can use to write to the task log.
```

This logger is created and configured by :class:`~airflow.utils.log.LoggingMixin` that all

> operators derive from. But also due the root logger handling, any standard logger that (default setting)
> propagates logging to the root will also write to the task log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
operators derive from. But also due to the root logger handling, any standard logger (using default settings) that
propagates logging to the root will also write to the task log.
```

> So if you want to log to the task log from a custom code of yours you can do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So if you want to log to the task log from custom code of yours you can do the following:
```

> * make sure your class extends from :class:`~airflow.utils.log.LoggingMixin` and use ``self.log`` logger
> * just use standard print statements to print to stdout (not recommended, but in some cases it can be useful)
> * use the standard logger approach of creating a logger using python module name
>   and using it to write to the task log

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Make sure your class extends from :class:`~airflow.utils.log.LoggingMixin` and use the ``self.log`` logger
* Just use standard ``print`` statements to print to ``stdout`` (not recommended, but in some cases it can be useful)
* Use the standard logger approach of creating a logger using the Python module name
  and using it to write to the task log
```

> So if you want to log to the task log from custom code of yours you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if you want to log to the task log from custom code of yours you can do any of the following:
```

> * Make sure your class extends from :class:`~airflow.utils.log.LoggingMixin` and use the ``self.log`` logger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log with the ``self.log`` logger from BaseOperator
```

Reviewer: BaseOperator inherits from this class so no need to make sure

> * Just use standard ``print`` statements to print to ``stdout`` (not recommended, but in some cases it can be useful)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use standard ``print`` statements to print to ``stdout`` (not recommended, but in some cases it can be useful)
```
